.TH lv95-converter 1 2024-01-17 "lv95-converter v1.1.2"
.SH NAME
lv95-converter - Convert LV95 coordinates to WGS84 and vice-versa
.SH SYNOPSIS
.SY lv95-converter
.RB [ lv95\~ |\~ wgs84 ]
.RB [ \-\-east=\c
.IR easting-coordinate ]
.RB [ \-\-west=\c
.IR westing-coordinate ]
.YS
.
.
.SY lv95-converter
.RB [ lv95\~ |\~ wgs84 ]
.RB [ \-h ,\~ \-\-help ]
.YS
.
.
.SY lv95-converter
.B \-h
.
.SY lv95-converter
.B \-\-help
.YS
.
.
.SY lv95-converter
.B \-v
.
.SY lv95-converter
.B \-\-version
.YS
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B lv95-converter
calculates Swiss LV95 coordinates from WGS84 coordinates or the other way
around. The specified subcommand decides, in which direction the calculation is
to be done. Be wary while converting WGS84 to LV95, however, as the results
will be meaningless if the WGS84 coordinates are not located within
Switzerland.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-h ,\~ \-\-help
Displays a help message
.TP
.BR \-v ,\~ \-\-version
Displays version information
.SS Subcommands
.TP
.B lv95
Convert LV95 to WGS84
.TP
.B wgs94
Convert WGS84 to LV95
.SS Subcommand options
.TP
.BR \-h ,\~ \-\-help
Display a help message (about the subcommand)
.TP
.BR \-e ,\~ \-\-east=\c
.I easting-coordinate
The easting coordinate in the format corresponding to the subcommand
.TP
.BR \-n .\~ \-\-north=\c
.I northing-coordinate
The northing coordinate in the format corresponding to the subcommand
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
.EX
lv95-converter -h
.EE
Displays the help message
.TP
.EX
lv95-converter lv95 -h
.EE
Displays the help message for the lv95 subcommand
.TP
.EX
lv95-converter lv95 -e 2600000 -n 1200000
.EE
Converts the LV95 coordinates 2600000 1200000 to WGS84
.SH BUGS
I should think so.
.LP
Please refer to
.UR https://\:github\:.com/\:tifrueh/\:lv95-converter/\:issues/
.UE .
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 2022-2024  Timo Früh
.LP
This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.
.LP
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.
.LP
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see
.UR https://\:www\:.gnu\:.org/\:licenses/
.UE .
.SH AUTHORS
Timo Früh
