README.md, before:

# LV95-converter

`lv95-converter` is a command line tool used to convert Swiss LV95 coordinates to WGS84 and vice-versa. The formulas used are the ones provided by [Swisstopo](https://www.swisstopo.admin.ch/en/home.html) as described in their document [Formulas and constants for the calculation of the Swiss conformal cylindrical projection and for the transformation between coordinate systems](https://www.swisstopo.admin.ch/content/swisstopo-internet/en/online/calculation-services/_jcr_content/contentPar/tabs/items/documents_publicatio/tabPar/downloadlist/downloadItems/20_1467104436749.download/refsys_e.pdf). To parse the command-line arguments [CLI11](https://github.com/CLIUtils/CLI11) by [CLIUtils](https://github.com/CLIUtils) was used.

## Installation

To install `lv95-converter` you can either build it from source or download a package from the latest release.

### Building from source

Install dependency:

- [cli11](https://github.com/CLIUtils/CLI11)

1. Download the latest tarball and extract it.
2. Execute `make` from inside the source directory.
3. Execute `make install` to install the binary built during the previous step..


## Usage

To convert LV95 to WGS84 pass the `lv95` subcommand to the program and use the `-e` and the `-n` flag respectively to input LV95 coordinates.

To convert WGS84 to LV95 pass the `wgs84` subcommand to the program and use the `-n` and the `-e` flag respectively to input WGS84 coordinates.

### Help pages

~~~ text
❯ lv95-converter --help

Convert LV95 coordinates to WGS84 and vice-versa
Usage: lv95-converter [OPTIONS] SUBCOMMAND

Options:
  -h,--help                   Print this help message and exit

Subcommands:
  lv95                        convert LV95 to WGS84
  wgs84                       convert WGS84 to LV95
~~~

~~~ text
❯ lv95-converter lv95 --help

convert LV95 to WGS84
Usage: lv95-converter lv95 [OPTIONS]

Options:
  -h,--help                   Print this help message and exit
  -e,--east FLOAT REQUIRED    Easting coordinate (LV95)
  -n,--north FLOAT REQUIRED   Northing coordinate (LV95)
~~~

~~~ text
❯ lv95-converter wgs84 --help

convert WGS84 to LV95
Usage: lv95-converter wgs84 [OPTIONS]

Options:
  -h,--help                   Print this help message and exit
  -e,--east FLOAT REQUIRED    Easting coordinate in WGS84
  -n,--north FLOAT REQUIRED   Northing coordinate in WGS84
~~~

Commit message:

update readme to reflect the switch to the meson build system

README.md, after:

# LV95-converter

`lv95-converter` is a command line tool used to convert Swiss LV95 coordinates to WGS84 and vice-versa. The formulas used are the ones provided by [Swisstopo](https://www.swisstopo.admin.ch/en/home.html) as described in their document [Formulas and constants for the calculation of the Swiss conformal cylindrical projection and for the transformation between coordinate systems](https://www.swisstopo.admin.ch/content/swisstopo-internet/en/online/calculation-services/_jcr_content/contentPar/tabs/items/documents_publicatio/tabPar/downloadlist/downloadItems/20_1467104436749.download/refsys_e.pdf). To parse the command-line arguments [CLI11](https://github.com/CLIUtils/CLI11) by [CLIUtils](https://github.com/CLIUtils) was used.

## Installation

To install `lv95-converter` you can either build it from source or download a package from the latest release.

### Building from source

Install dependency:

- [cli11](https://github.com/CLIUtils/CLI11)

1. Download the latest tarball and extract it.
2. Execute `meson setup build` from inside the source directory to setup the project.
3. Execute `meson compile -C build` from inside the source directory to build the executable.
4. Execute `meson install -C build` from inside the source directory to install the executable and the manpage.


## Usage

To convert LV95 to WGS84 pass the `lv95` subcommand to the program and use the `-e` and the `-n` flag respectively to input LV95 coordinates.

To convert WGS84 to LV95 pass the `wgs84` subcommand to the program and use the `-n` and the `-e` flag respectively to input WGS84 coordinates.

### Help pages

~~~ text
$ lv95-converter --help

Convert LV95 coordinates to WGS84 and vice-versa
Usage: lv95-converter [OPTIONS] SUBCOMMAND

Options:
  -h,--help                   Print this help message and exit

Subcommands:
  lv95                        convert LV95 to WGS84
  wgs84                       convert WGS84 to LV95
~~~

~~~ text
$ lv95-converter lv95 --help

convert LV95 to WGS84
Usage: lv95-converter lv95 [OPTIONS]

Options:
  -h,--help                   Print this help message and exit
  -e,--east FLOAT REQUIRED    Easting coordinate (LV95)
  -n,--north FLOAT REQUIRED   Northing coordinate (LV95)
~~~

~~~ text
$ lv95-converter wgs84 --help

convert WGS84 to LV95
Usage: lv95-converter wgs84 [OPTIONS]

Options:
  -h,--help                   Print this help message and exit
  -e,--east FLOAT REQUIRED    Easting coordinate in WGS84
  -n,--north FLOAT REQUIRED   Northing coordinate in WGS84
~~~
